hi everyone guys are z willig
savages are here with a new video
digital in which it shows all the contents
of the new c independence day
or the expansion that commemorates the 4th
July that would be the day
independence
before starting the invitation to leave
I like it because it really helps so much and there
it takes only three seconds and
we start first
certainly the most important content
is the monster truck league ator resolution
that you can buy it at the worst site
cash carry and given its size
probably the rock star has inserted
this alley in the pegasus and not in the
your garage because just at
really gigantic wheels I believe in
a garage this monster wouldn't fit
as you can see a really good one
acceleration and at the same time you can
collide with any vehicle not
no matter what this vehicle will manage to
crush anything in front of you
passing to the other content it comes
of the sovereign western motorcycle that
it costs 120 thousand dollars
unlike the monster truck these
deposit them in the garage the ugly for the
bad thing about this vehicle and that
unfortunately there is only one place like
you can see enemy fox and quality not
could get into the bike then in
unfortunately in this alley there is only
a place anyway to have one
tonnage of the kind to be enough
I would say this bike is massive
quite fast then compared to the
dinka trust if we want to do a
comparison this vehicle is a lot
better instead we pass to i
apartments that are nine in total
honestly they are not great news
the only good thing is theirs
locations that are quite far away
I'm also close to the countryside could
make someone comfortable if someone wants
having an apartment in the city is a
la campania apartment however anyway
and for the rest there is no big one
Announcements
this you can see in the video or
that anyway the design of these is
apartments are copied and pasted from
other apartments that already existed on
gta 5 and I can assure you that it is for
all apartments with garage
gave places for all
apartments with the thanks in two places
they are practically the same between them
so there are a total of two types of
apartments that are just different
the apartment with the ds places e
the apartment with the garage for two
places then the only good thing about
these are precisely the race renting
because they are located in the countryside there
are in fact changes aside, perhaps one
poster that speaks of naples is in the
garage gave places that do not race by two
places obviously these two posts are
different between them one speaks of a
certainly ad di napoli for the gamers he does
pretend to be a movie now I don't know from
where he got the rock star quest
easter egg and then another one that talks about
nelson in naples and I hope the
pronunciation is exact of this word
I believe so
then summarizing the fact of the
apartments purchase these
apartments are not recommended unless
that you have not begun to play at
so online trips recently
let it be
and as you can see also in the garages
there is not a huge difference
so there are no further changes
not even for garages
speaking of weapons instead we have three
new types of weapons even if we say that
two are technically weapons one not
it does damage and serves only for
beauty
talking about the musket is a rifle that
I didn't even understand if a rifle a
away a really good shotgun
poor I do not recommend buying it
practically once you've fired
one shot you have to reload your weapon then
forget it because it is really a weapon
useless unless you want it
use things like that for beauty
do mismatch or if found with i
cops a completely useless weapon
here talking about the other weapon that it would be
the pyrotechnic gun this is a
cannon pretty cool that practically
shoot fireworks so you can
use it both for beauty and for
damage things anyway be shoot
against people in plain English
use it as a weapon
because if you shoot in the sky practically
they will come out of fireworks
but precisely at the same time if you
shoot at cars like that
use a bazooka in plain English
although I believe a rocket launcher is
this is more effective than that
pyrotechnic cannon
speaking instead of fireworks
it is simply a matter of
beauty that you can use by pressing
the back button or select up
playstation 3
then going on to invent there is fires
We have the type of fireworks
fireworks color the timer
then obviously goes how to position the
firework and precisely the execution
of this firework
the theme is practically would serve to
set the time of when they are activated
the fireworks once you have
pressed the shoot button and in the video
however bread is used and ho
pressed directly shoots or better
pressed shoot and then directly are
exploded as you see it treat
simply a thing of beauty
we have four different types of fires
and three colors for each type
of these fireworks then nov i
horns dedicated to the anthem of
national to the 26
[Music]
then we have a new color type for
when you roll with your wheels
vehicle and as you see if practically
skidded for a certain period of time
the colors will change from red to
white to then go to blue and this one
what is the same when you activate the
smoke from your parachute and the price
of this smoke both for the parachute and
for the wheels of your vehicle it is worth 30
thousand dollars then we have a new one
hairstyle for both the male and for
the female called soft and would be
practically an equal hairstyle for
both kinds of sex and the same thing
applies to the male as well as the female
a new facial painting or the
face painted with stars stripes
we have new type of masks that
they would be other animals and finally
several clothes always dedicated to
this nation for both the male and
for the female and I can guarantee you that
to female clothes are
essentially the same as that of
male all the clothes just there
you can always see on video with this vi
invitation to watch videos on
information from the apache 1.15 just that
Click the notation on the video
also I remind you that this weekend there
it will always be the event as usual
dedicated to this expansion all
information regarding this
event that will be this weekend
you can find it in description is said
this guys please let me
like it only takes second and
click that blue button leave me not
there's the facebook page you go to the other
the description
[Music]